In the previous lecture, we created the user aggregate, we are commands were handled and after our
commands were actioned, we raised events and published them to the event.
But by invoking Aggregate Life-cycle to reply, we also created event sourcing, handling methods that
altered the state of the aggregate.
What I haven't told you yet is that when the event sourcing methods are raised, the events are also
stored by Exxon in the event store or write database.
I will show you this in a later lecture.
Now, in this lecture, we are going to implement the user event handler with methods that subscribe
to the event for to consume the user events, which is required to populate and alter the read database.
We are also going to implement the initial user repository now repositories encapsulate the logic that
is required to access data sources.
They centralize common data access functionality by providing better maintainability and decoupling
the infrastructure or technology used to access databases from the domain model layer.
Navigate to the handlers package under the user query API project.
Let's create a new interface and call it user event handler.
Now we are going to define three methods, one that handles the user register event.
Another that handles the user updated event.
And yet another one that handles the user removed event.
OK, let's add a new class and call it user event handler impact
that is going to implement the user event handler interface.
Now, you will recall that I mentioned we will implement the initial user repository.
So let's create a new field for a private final user repository field.
Now we will create it just now.
Let's create it under the repositories package, a new interface that we will call user repository.
And it is going to extend the Mongo repository, the Mongar repository expects a type for the domain
model, which is a user model and for the Eyedea string.
Now, that's all we have to do because we are extending the Mongar repository.
We get access to the default methods such as save, find by ID, the lead by Idy, etc..
Now, let's go ahead and create a public constructor with a single parameter
we will pass in the user repository
and we will assign our private user repository field.
Let's place the auto wide annotation on our constructor so that the spring IOC container can make it
available through dependency injection, the auto wide annotation can be placed directly on a field
like we've done before or on a constructor.
Now, we also need to add the service annotation to the user event handler implementation.
It is used to mark the class as a service or service provider.
It is a domain driven design term and is defined as an operation, offered as an interface that stands
alone in the model with no encapsulated state.
Let's also add a processing group annotation.
A processing group is similar to a consumer group, which basically means that when a consumer event
handler in our case consumes an event, Xol will track the offset to make sure that within a given processing
group that you will always consume the latest event.
Exon basically manages the consumed offset for each processing group separately.
Then let's at the event had an annotation event handlers basically defined the business logic to be
performed when an event is received or consumed from the event plus.
Well.
Now let's implement the user register event handler method, we will invoke user repository, dot,
save and obtain the user object from the user registered event.
Now, the safe method of the Mongo DB repository can be used for both inserting data and updating data.
If the data already exists, it would simply update the document rather than create it.
And then finally, let's implement the user.
Remove the event handler method by invoking user repository data lead by Idy.
And once again we can get the idea from the user removed event.
Now let's build our solution.
And it seems like everything built successfully.